it might be sure this is definitely not
easy stage 19 takes the rise a hundred
and thirty nine kilometers that him
pondered Alania finish up Val Mart
daylor watch there's only three
mountains enroute they give a total over
sixty kilometers of climbing around
about four thousand three hundred meters
of vertical ascent that soon starts here
in the first category hassle gaya
last time that this mountain feech that
the deer was back in the last time that
I rode it in 2010 it's a penultimate
climb on the penultimate day by this
point I was already in the group pet oak
which featured none other than bragging
winning it will still be a few sprinters
left in the race at this point they'll
all be thinking that final flat stage
into Brescia to make matters worse them
today
finally starts almost straight away it
doesn't stop until they get to the top
of the gar get over 17 kilometers later
my time the riders reach this stage it's
Point C one day since they took the
start at the race way back down in Napa
so DC will be one established such a
tough stage as this might even see some
bigger name riders you get a go right
from the start the climbing start is so
soon after that start you're pretty
tough the team of the maglia rosa to
really control things some of the most
iconic images in this climb came from
1988 and Andy Hampsten rode through the
falling snow into the pink jersey which
he held onto until the end of that
year's Giro whatever the conditions this
year on this climb you can be sure that
rise is going to have to wear a couple
of extra garments and the descent is to
keep themselves warm
I've gone over the stove vo now it is
again the highest point of this year's
race last year was Thomas to get who won
the stage which finished there whoever
goes over the top first today and win
the team of coffee price is that
altitude which could play a key role in
today's stage some riders just seem to
cope better with the reduced oxygen
levels and others one rider who does
seem to cope well is last year's overall
winner ride ahead our team garmin-sharp
after some brief respite in the valley
down below here it's not long before the
rive start to climb up towards the
finish in val Martello it's actually the
longest climb of the day twenty two
point three kilometers an average
gradient of six point four percent
I just wrote almost flat again now as we
come up towards this lake here which is
actually still frozen as I write it
today I definitely think you everything
the pink jersey really want at least one
team late left with him episodes of this
climb
he's very difficult for one person to
control with his constant changes of
gradient really tough stage and a really
hard climb up to the finish here and I
think having seen a few of the stages
now this is the one I'm looking forward
to watching most got one follows the top
riders all day about one team up to this
is the second half of a convoy set as a
breakaway featuring know that the final
quick set right now was pointing at one
that there's the front of the pipe